com/daCodes/demo/databinding/ItemSubModelBinding.java
 com.daCodes.demo.databinding.ItemSubModelBinding
com/daCodes/demo/databinding/ItemModelBindingImpl.java
 com.daCodes.demo.databinding.ItemModelBindingImpl
com/daCodes/demo/databinding/FragmentListModelsBindingImpl.java
 com.daCodes.demo.databinding.FragmentListModelsBindingImpl
com/daCodes/demo/databinding/ItemBrandBinding.java
 com.daCodes.demo.databinding.ItemBrandBinding
com/daCodes/demo/databinding/FragmentSplashBinding.java
 com.daCodes.demo.databinding.FragmentSplashBinding
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/daCodes/demo/databinding/ItemBrandBindingImpl.java
 com.daCodes.demo.databinding.ItemBrandBindingImpl
com/daCodes/demo/BR.java
 com.daCodes.demo.BR
com/daCodes/demo/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.daCodes.demo.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/daCodes/demo/databinding/FragmentListBrandsBindingImpl.java
 com.daCodes.demo.databinding.FragmentListBrandsBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/daCodes/demo/databinding/FragmentListBrandsBinding.java
 com.daCodes.demo.databinding.FragmentListBrandsBinding
com/daCodes/demo/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.daCodes.demo.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.daCodes.demo.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.daCodes.demo.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/daCodes/demo/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.daCodes.demo.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/daCodes/demo/databinding/ItemSubModelBindingImpl.java
 com.daCodes.demo.databinding.ItemSubModelBindingImpl
com/daCodes/demo/databinding/FragmentSplashBindingImpl.java
 com.daCodes.demo.databinding.FragmentSplashBindingImpl
com/daCodes/demo/databinding/ItemShimmerModelBinding.java
 com.daCodes.demo.databinding.ItemShimmerModelBinding
com/daCodes/demo/databinding/ItemShimmerModelBindingImpl.java
 com.daCodes.demo.databinding.ItemShimmerModelBindingImpl
com/daCodes/demo/BuildConfig.java
 com.daCodes.demo.BuildConfig
com/daCodes/demo/databinding/ItemShimmerBrandBindingImpl.java
 com.daCodes.demo.databinding.ItemShimmerBrandBindingImpl
com/daCodes/demo/databinding/ItemShimmerBrandBinding.java
 com.daCodes.demo.databinding.ItemShimmerBrandBinding
com/daCodes/demo/databinding/ItemModelBinding.java
 com.daCodes.demo.databinding.ItemModelBinding
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/daCodes/demo/databinding/FragmentListModelsBinding.java
 com.daCodes.demo.databinding.FragmentListModelsBinding
